Assignment On String
1. Write a program to convert a string to integer and vice versa.
2. Write a program that performs base conversion. The input is a string, an
integer b2 , and another integer b2. The string represents be an integer in
base b2. The output should be the string representing the integer in base
b2.
3. Implement a function that converts a spreadsheet column id to the corre-
sponding integer, with "A" corresponding to 1. For example, you should
return 4 for "D", 27 for "AA", 702 for "ZZ", etc. How would you test
your code?
4. Write a program which takes as input an array of characters, and removes
each 'b' and replaces each 'a' by two 'd's. Specically, along with the
array, you are provided an integer-valued size. Size denotes the number
of entries of the array that the operation is to be applied to. You do not
have to worry preserving about subsequent entries. For example, if the
array is <a, b, a,c,J> and the size is 4, then you can return <d, d,d,d, c>.
You can assume there is enough space in the array to hold the nal result.
5. Implement a function which takes as input a string s and returns true if s
is a palindromic string.
6. Write a program which takes as input a phone number, specied as a string
of digits, and returns all possible character sequences that correspond to
the phone number. The cell phone keypad is specied by a mapping
that takes a digit and returns the corresponding set of characters. The
character sequences do not have to be legal words or phrases.
7. Write a program that takes as input an integer n and returns the nth
integer in the look-and-say sequence. Return the result as a string.
8. Write a program which takes as input a valid Roman number string s and
returns the integer it corresponds to
9. Write a program that determines where to add periods to a decimal
string so that the resulting string is a valid IP address. There may be
more than one valid IP address corresponding to a string, in which case
you should print all possibilities. For example, if the mangled string
is "19216811" then two corresponding IP addresses are 192.168.1.1 and
19.216.81.1. (There are seven other possible IP addresses for this string.)
10. Write a program which takes as input a string s and returns the snakestring
of s.
11. Run-length encoding (RLE) compression oers a fast way to do ecient
on-the-
y compression and decompression of strings. The idea is simple
1
encode successive repeated characters by the repetition count and the
character. For example, the RLE of "aaaabcccaa" is "4alb3c2a". The
decoding of "3e4f2e" returns "eeeee". Implement run-length encoding
and decoding functions. Assume the string to be encoded consists of letters
of the alphabet, with no digits, and the string to be decoded is a valid
encoding.
12. Given two strings s (the "search string") and t (the "text"), nd the rst
occurrence of s in t.
2