Assignment On Array
1. Write a program to implement dutch national 
ag partition.
2. Write a program which takes as input an array of digits encoding a decimal
number D and update the array to represent the number D + 1.
3. Write a program that takes two arrays representing integer, and return an
integer representing their product.
4. Write a program which takes as input a sorted array and updates it so
that all duplicate have been removed and remaining elements shifted left
to ll the emptied indices.
5. Write a program that takes an array denoting the daily stock price, and
return the maximum prot that could be made by buying and then selling
one share of that stock.
6. Write a program that computes the maximum prot that can be made by
buying and selling a share at mot twice. The second by must be made on
another date after the rst sale.
7. Write a program that takes an integer argument and return all the primes
between 1 and the integer.
8. Given an array A of n elements and a permutation P, apply P to A.

9. Write a program that takes as input a permutation, and returns the next
permutation under dictionary ordering. If the permutation is the last
permutation, return the empty array. For example, if the input is <
1; 0; 3; 2 > your function should return < 1; 2; 0; 3 >. If the input is
< 3; 2; 1; 0 >, return ().

10. Implement an algorithm that takes as input an array of distinct elements
and a size,and returns a subset of the given size of the array elements. All
subsets should be equally likely. Return the result in input array itself.

11. Write a program that takes as input a positive integer n and a size k < n,
and returns a size􀀀ksubset of 0; 1; 2; :::; n 􀀀 1. The subset should be rep-
resented as an array. All subsets should be equally likely and, in addition,
all permutations of elements of the array should be equally likely. You may
assume you have a function which takes as input a nonnegative integer t
and returns an integer in the set 0; 1; :::; t 􀀀 1 with uniform probability.

12. Check whether a 9X9 2D array representing a partially completed Sudoku
is valid. Specically, check that no row, column, or 3X3 2D subarray
contains duplicates. A 0-value in the 2D array indicates that entry is
blank; every other entry is in [1; 9].

12. Write a program which takes an nxn 2D array and returns the spiral
ordering of the array.
1
13. Write a function that takes as input an n X n 2D array, and rotates the
array by 90 degrees clockwise.

14. Write a program which takes as input a nonnegative integer n and returns
the rst n rows of Pascal's triangle.
2